our Lord of YouTube haven't gonna do all
my channel for a long time so here's one
I haven't done one wrong or do so
oh yeah it's pretty good do a dual my
lightsworn old back I'm bringing it back
doing some precise deck savers versus uh
my brother's cracklings and we got lots
of pots in our decks
haha get the joke pot of duality about
the pot I know it wasn't funny know what
kind of will do Harrell yeah this guy's
good screaming three Oh
I told you like a champion I'll go first
uh hobby see that's pretty savvy YouTube
this car need to be limited
well I'll take the Shura so it's
Blizzard what else lizard Gail and
Treasury Gail sure and you guys sure
yeah amazing
I think I lose you open to amazing
well someone sure and set three cards
face down your turn okay they says you
need to bring back storm is getting
ridiculous set one go in face MSD oh my
god Benny's a champion or decreased draw
normal song yep seventeen it is
ridiculous I take 17
yes you are 45 your chest okay drop my
turn
Soto recharge wolf sure come on dig me
draw you want to know reborn and get off
that's not youth use that sucked
dammit then he has it there coal car
seat broke oh just get a sec son Aaron
yeah yeah yeah sixteen oh yeah don't you
guys see 5460 door enter melting pot pot
oh my god Lumina pot pot Lumina that's
yeah it's in your face - yeah - yes I
don't know that cream Jesus Christ my
good god Sirocco yep hail damage step
nothing see you space tunic Reiser
you're a lucky guy
yes I am chocolate my turn oh don't fail
look at that later
well let YouTube here our food sack for
Celestia a botanist no activate no for
ow judgment wolf reincarnation in charge
don't tell me Oh a Prius special 21 sure
23 Wow
so that's 44 damn I couldn't know a
thanks burger for game damn it go hey
blue oh yeah that's cool
stupid busy 303 has amazing
yeah double Sirocco your answer oak oh
Jesus
yeah 23:23 okay I need a table back JD
go I'm at yeah 400 I'm at 22 damn it
just put 2200 0 0 402 to 0
Oh 400 there my future you go that's
because you guilt is so weak go ahead
you use yes so comes real per game so we
talked a blizzard you girls
yeah head all monsters